yellow Hornets are a little smaller than
the Giants but there are 1500 of them in
this nest they outnumber the Giants five
to one yet the Queen's workers are
driven to fight they have no option but
to take on their bitter rivals
[Music]
the Giants are outnumbered and each
attacks alone it's not a good strategy
[Music]
the yellows dispatch giant after giant
with a lethal sting to the back of the
neck is the only in a giant
hornets armor
[Music]
today's battle is lost but this is a war
of attrition
[Music]
the following morning the Giants begin a
new wave of attacks
and this time they gained control of the
nest envelope
[Music]
a breach is made in the Yellow Hornets
defenses the yellows begin to tear down
their own walls in hopeless panic
finally their only option is desertion
[Music]
victory comes at a terrible cost but the
rewards to the Queen are enormous
[Music]
the giant Hornet warriors work through
the abandoned nest ripping out food the
bounty they bring back will be enough to
fuel the young males and Queens through
metamorphosis
[Music]